README.md, before:

# Nixie Pipe Hardware

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=CFA7TQXNFURLQ)

This repository contains design files for my [Nixie
Pipe](http://www.nixiepipe.com) modules. Contained with:

* OpenSCAD mechanical design script.
* KiCAD PCB design
* Arduino/C++ firmware

## Supporting Repositories

* [Arduino Library](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/NixiePipe)
* [Node module](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/node-nixiepipe)
* [Python Package](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/py-nixiepipe)
* [Electron GUI app](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/electron-nixiepipe)

## Supporting the Project and Attribution

If you do make your own Nixie Pipe and wish to offer some gratitude, please
feel free to donate any amount to me using the button at the top of the
repository.

I make many of my projects Open Source so others can learn as I have, but please remember
to follow the license terms and attribute any derivations or code reuse.
Please link back to the project, [www.nixiepipe.com](www.nixiepipe.com) and
[www.jbrengineering.co.uk](www.jbrengineering.co.uk).

Commit message:

Hardware now CC-BY-SA 4.0, BOM changes supply to CEM

README.md, after:

# Nixie Pipe Hardware

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=CFA7TQXNFURLQ)

This repository contains design files for my [Nixie
Pipe](http://www.nixiepipe.com) modules. Contained with:

* OpenSCAD mechanical design script.
* KiCAD PCB design
* Arduino/C++ firmware

## Supporting Repositories

* [Arduino Library](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/NixiePipe)
* [Node module](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/node-nixiepipe)
* [Python Package](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/py-nixiepipe)
* [Electron GUI app](https://github.com/tuna-f1sh/electron-nixiepipe)

## Supporting the Project and Attribution

If you do make your own Nixie Pipe and wish to offer some gratitude, please
feel free to donate any amount to me using the button at the top of the
repository.

**Software** is [![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

**Hardware (KiCad, OpenSCAD, design exports etc.)** is [![License: CC BY-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

I make many of my projects Open Source so others can learn as I have, but please remember
to follow the license terms and attribute any derivations or code reuse.
Please link back to the project, [www.nixiepipe.com](www.nixiepipe.com) and
[www.jbrengineering.co.uk](www.jbrengineering.co.uk).
